hello friends on YouTube you never see
me with hair but a lot of people out
there that tell you never trust the both
hairdresser but what's the problem with
it both hairdresser so this video is
only going to be about me and what I'd
like to be a hairdresser as a
hairdresser and what I do on YouTube and
Facebook I hope you like this video and
watch my other videos and maybe
understand why it's difficult to talk in
English all the time because I have to
translate in my heads while I'm working
and I don't know all the words in
English because there's a lot of words
you never talk about and the whole day
long I talk Dutch to my people and
sometimes it's German but this video is
explaining everything but now I put my
hair off going to tell you all about me
so thank you for watching
that's feel free hello friends on
YouTube this video goes about me me as
an address my name is Theo nope
and I produce YouTube videos for about
four years now I never made a video
about me and myself because I want to
show you a part of me that I put on
YouTube so what you see of me on YouTube
is just the part what I like to do the
best and most in my life I love doing
here for as long as I can live I
remember myself doing somebody or
something's here the life of being a
hairdresser makes it wonderful because
you have to work with people people you
love people you hate people you love
it's not difficult to do the real world
but people you don't like or even hate
it's more difficult though I see as a
challenge because when you see this
challenge you always
the best of it and it is always a
challenge to do someone's hair my videos
are mostly a little bit long for some
people don't like to see the techniques
or what I explaining and in all those
years I'd be a hairdresser I started off
to be a hairdresser like everybody else
I learned the lines of cutting I learned
the way to separate parts but in the
meantime I developed myself as a
hairdresser and a lot more love the
freestyles I love the way to see
out-of-the-box thinking out of the box
and making something beautiful on the
person you are fed your chair
my models never get haircuts they don't
like so when someone is telling you on
the video or on the lines this mother
was crying I never had a model that was
crying afterwards because I wouldn't
have that much models where I would make
them cry so I always try to work to the
highest level in what is achievable in
the hair they have and what I can do
with it the English in my videos is not
so good because I talking Dutch to their
models I have to work I make my own
video so I will have to watch if the
light is good if my position is good I'm
cutting hair beside my few so you can
see into my hands to what I'm doing I
explained to you in English what I'm
doing and then I do the best I can and I
don't know all the words in English
because I've never been to America or in
England into a saloon to learn what they
talk about here normally in daily life
at the daily life so there will be a
challenge and there will be a time I can
do that I will go off the walls I will
come to you maybe to fish it but in the
meantime I'm staying
here because I just have my shop for
about 1/2 year now it's a very large
show and I want to make the best of it
and when debt settled then I'm thinking
about going into the world and work with
some other hairdressers together what is
more you want to know about me or you
can always ask what you want to know
about me and I'm not scared to tell you
anything
I have a hair fetish because I love her
and all my old bald heads
what started when when I became a
hairdresser I became bald and I don't
mind it before and I don't mind it to be
bold because when I want to have hair I
can always put a wig on and then have
her and when I put it off I have bought
that both heads I don't never call it a
hairstyle because death isn't a
hairstyle
balls balls balls beautiful and I have
stylists hairstyles so there has to be
hair on it
what I want to tell you more about me is
I work about 60 hours a week I'm every
day on YouTube I'm every day on Facebook
so you always can find me on Facebook
and as a hairdresser or as myself on
Facebook you can ask everything and the
nice thing about Facebook is you see
more of my models for photos I present
more and put the video and all the lines
so you can always find the video that's
belongs to the photos you see and I love
to have friends all over the world and I
love to share my love for being a
hairdresser and if you ever find one
part maybe a sense of what I love
ability being hairdresser maybe it is to
start for you to get a new life as
heteros
life as a hairdresser is never boring
because everything stays only the one
thing never changed is the love for you
and your customers customers are more
like friends so I have customers for
about and the longest customer I have
for the longest time is now 44 years and
it's never been to another hairdresser
even though I told them to go to our
address to see what they have what I
maybe not have but as always something
another half and I love sharing those
feelings from what I like about being
headless or what I feel what I'm
thinking and I'm learning myself of
being a hairdresser as a YouTube video
hairdresser and also learning from
others I love to create a better world
for hairdressers I love to share all the
things I know and I hope you stay
watching my videos because I love it I
love till next time you see a normal
video again with me cutting air bye
Thank You friends all over the world
you